## Annotate data
One of the main functions of VANTAGE software is to annotate (label) time-series data by matching animal behaviour observed in video.
<b> IMPORTANT! The video and time-series data must first be temporally synchronized before annotation can be done. </b>

<i> Annotate - Annotation column </i> - allows customized naming of the annotation column to be used. The defualt is "PCE" (prey capture event)
<i> Annotate - Annotate selection </i> - toggles if single data points, or a range of points are labelled at a time.

### To annotate 
Navigate to a video frame where a specific behaviour is observed. Then press a number on the keyboard (1 - 9). 
This will add the chosen number to the annotation column at the row (or rows) in the time-series data that is closest to the timestamp in the video 
(taking into consideration that the sampling freqeuncy between video and other data are often not the same and time will be approximate).

By default all the points in the annotation column is labelled 0, thus to remove unwanted annotations they can just be labelled as 0.

### Export annotations
Using the <i> Export - Export annotations </i> menu.
This will create a CSV file with the same names as the loaded data but with the suffix "_OUT". This file will have the same number of rows as the original data 
and can be merged with the raw data with other software such as R or Python. VANTAGE does not modify the raw data at all, and rather saves analyses as seperate files,
protecting the integrity of the raw data.
The exported data will be automatically loaded when the raw data is loaded in subsequent uses.
